10_SAS_On Cloud Models Characteristics of Private Cloud.




1. What is a private cloud?
ANS. Private clouds are owned and operated by an organization that uses resources from that cloud.
	

2. What are the characteristics of a private cloud?
ANS. The characteristics of a private cloud are Ownership, Hardware, Users, Connectivity, Public Access, and Skills.
	

3. What is ownership in a private cloud?
ANS. Ownership in a private cloud is the owner and user of cloud services are the same.
	

4. What is the comparison between public cloud and private cloud?
ANS. The comparison between public cloud and private cloud is cloud user and cloud owner with private cloud an organization owns and uses their private cloud. With a public cloud an organization owns the public cloud and provides the resource to be used by users by paying for those services.
	

5. What is hardware in a private cloud?
ANS. Hardware in a private cloud means that the owner is responsible for purchase, maintenance, management of the cloud hardware.
	

6. What are users in a private cloud?
ANS. Users in a private cloud means a private cloud operates only within one organization and cloud computing resources are used exclusively by a single organization or single business.
	

7. What is connectivity in a private cloud?
ANS. Connectivity in a private cloud means a connection to a private cloud is typically made over a private network within companies LAN environment which makes it highly secure 
	

8. The connection to a private cloud is not available to the public? True/False.
ANS. True.
	

9. What is public access in a private cloud?
ANS. Public access in a private cloud means the public can’t access any private resource available in a private cloud from a public or internet environment.
	

10. What are skills in a private cloud?
ANS. Skills in a private cloud means to build a private cloud it will require a deep technical knowledge because a private cloud owner has to maintain, set up and manage private cloud infrastructure.