4_SAS_On key Concepts and Terminology




1. What are key concepts in cloud services?
ANS. Key concepts and terms in cloud services are high availability, scalability, elasticity, agility, fault tolerance, disaster recovery, global reach, customer latency capabilities, predictive cost considerations, technical skill requirements, increased productivity and security.

	

2. What is high availability in cloud services?
ANS. High availability in cloud services is the ability to keep the services up and running for a long period of time.

	

3. What is scalability in cloud services?
ANS. Scalability in cloud services is the ability to increase or decrease resources for any given workload. Also as the workload increases users can increase or decrease the resources they are using from the cloud services.
	

4. What is elasticity in cloud services?
ANS. Elasticity in cloud services is the ability to automatically or dynamically increase or decrease the resources as needed. Elastic resources match the current needs and the resources are added or removed automatically to meet future demands when it is needed.
	

5. What is the difference between elasticity and scalability?
ANS. The main difference between elasticity and scalability is elasticity is done automatically compared to scalability.
	

6. What is agility in cloud services?
ANS. Agility in cloud services is the ability to react quickly. Cloud services can allocate and deallocate resources quickly. They are providers on demand through the self service portal so a vast amount of computing resources can be provisioned in minutes there is no manual intervention in provisioning or deprovisioning services. 
	

7. What is fault tolerance in cloud services?
ANS. Fault tolerance in cloud services is the ability to remain up and running even in the event of component or service failure. Typically redundancy is built into cloud services architecture which means if one component fails there is a backup component which takes its place.
	

8. What is disaster recovery in cloud services?
ANS. Disaster recovery in cloud services is the ability to recover from an event which has taken down a cloud service. Cloud services disaster recovery can happen very quickly with automation and services being readily available to users.
	

9. What are customer latency capabilities in cloud services?
ANS. Customer latency capabilities in cloud services is when customers are experiencing slowness with a particular cloud service that means they are experiencing customer latency capability. 
	

10. What are predictive cost considerations in cloud services?
ANS. Predictive cost considerations is the ability of the users to predict what cost they will incur for a particular cloud service.